{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset178 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\ltrpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Functional requirments:-\par
1- The Landing Page System should handle user Register and login.\par
2- The Landing Page System should provide the user with Terminal UI Customization options.\par
3- The Landing Page System should provide the user a way to edit or setup the retail buisness menu/products.\par
4- The menu/products shall contain products grouped by their catagory, each menu/products will have extras and options to choose from.\par
5- The menu/products (including the categories and options, etc) should have an option to be displayed or not on the terminal activity.\par
6- The Landing Page System should handle user Terminal Settings Configurations.\par
7- The Landing Page System User shall be able to choose a theme from the preset collection of themes.\par
8- The Landing Page System User shall be able to choose change the Theme's colors.\par
9- The Landing Page System should provide users with a dashboard.\par
10- The Landing Page System Dashboard should enable the user to inspect the Terminals.\par
11- The Landing Page System Dashboard should enable the user to logout a Specific Terminal.\par
12- The Landing Page System Dashboard shall enable the user to cancel a pending order (not yet placed).\par
13- The Landing Page System Dashboard user shall be able to change his pgp private key (when using APIs with Pos System).\par
14- The Landing Page System user shall be able to choose between using the terminals in embeded mode or nfc mode.\par
15- The Landing Page System shall provide a page with the APIs used to serve Pos.\par
16- The Terminal System should handle prompting for the pairing id.\par
17- The Terminal System shall be able to get all the ui setting and menu/products updates upon startup.\par
18- The Terminal System shall be able to get notifications about ui setting and menu/products updates.\par
19- The Terminal System when in portable mode (nfc on) shall get the table number from an nfc tag on the table.\par
20- The Terminal System when in embeded mode shall prompt the user to input the table number upon startup, the data will be stored in a localstorage.\par
21- The Terminal System when in portable mode (nfc off) shall prompt the user (customer) for the table no.\par
22- The Terminal System user shall be able to look up product categories.\par
23- The Terminal System user shall be able to view products.\par
24- The Terminal System user shall be able to browse a product extras and options.\par
25- The Terminal System user shall be able to add products to table.\par
26- The Terminal System user shall be able to make order.\par
27- The Terminal System user won't be able to cancel an order.\par
28- The Terminal System user shall be able to send messeges to the landing page / pos while in order placed/pending mode.\par
29- The Terminal System when in pending mode will be waiting for a confirmed or rejected response.\par
30- The Terminal System when in confirmed mode will be waiting for a Complete or canceled response.\par
31- The Server Shall provide apis for loging in and getting auth credentials.\par
32- The Server Shall provide apis for viewing the paired devices status and details.\par
33- The Server Shall provide apis for \lang1033 getting orders log\lang9\par
3\f1\rtlch\lang3073 4\f0\ltrch\lang9 - The Server Shall provide apis for logging out terminals.\par
35- The Server Shall provide apis for \lang1033 confirming or canceling orders.\par
36- The Landing Page System user can apply taxes in settings.\par
\lang9\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 